Update user journey section about mobile support (#41773)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/web/accessibility/how-to-audit.md

    - **Note:** You don't need to use a physical mobile device to test this. Most browsers support emulating a mobile viewport - just ensure it is set to **320px**.
      - [Chrome documentation](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/device-mode/#viewport)
      - [Firefox documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Responsive_Design_Mode)

>     - **Note:** This does not imply full mobile device support (i.e. Touch navigation). [Sourcegraph does not support mobile devices](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/departments/engineering/#launch).

Reviewer: I would say "target" because we do "support" them, we're just not putting any explicit effort into it.
```suggestion
    - **Note:** This does not imply full mobile device support (i.e. Touch navigation). [Sourcegraph does not target mobile devices](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/departments/engineering/#launch).
```

>     - This is to support proper reflow when the browser is zoomed in. See [WCAG Reflow documentation](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/reflow.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This is to support proper reflow when the browser is zoomed in. See the [WCAG 1.4.10 Reflow criterion](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/reflow.html) for more information.
```
